The purpose of this survey is to let the community inform Creative Commons as to its expectations and 
understandings of the term "non-commercial" as used by the Creative Commons 2.5 Attribution-NonCommercial (etc.) 
license.  Each question will ask you to check a box next to the options you believe *do* qualify as non-commercial 
use; if you think an option does not qualify as non-commercial use, simply leave the box blank.

Section A: Nature of the user

1. Check all the following that you believe would qualify as an "allowable NC user" under the noncommerical license condition:

( ) Individual
( ) Nonprofit educational instution/library
( ) Nonprofit organization as defined under US or equivalent law (what does the "together" clause mean?)
( ) A copy shop, ISP, or similar service provider who, in the course of providing a service at the discretion of the allowable NC user, exercises a right licensed under the Creative Commons NC license

Section B. Nature of the use: advertising

1. Check the box next to the circumstances you belive *do* qualify for non-commercial use

( ) The NC-licensed content is being used in an advertisement for third-party products or services
( ) Viewing an advertisement for third-party products or services is required as a condition of accessing or viewing the NC-licensed content (e.g., "click-through" advertising)
( ) The NC-licensed work is being used in conjunction with advertisements for third-party products or services where the NC-licensed work is the primary draw or is a substantial amount (both qualitatively and quantitatively) of the draw (confusingly-phrased, I think) (is this supposed to say "not"?)

Section C. Conditions on Use: For services provided

1. Check the box next to the circumstances you belive *do* qualify for non-commercial use

( ) Money is changing hands in exchange for a service provided in connection with the NC-licensed work incidentally as part of a service involving the work by an allowable NC user (e.g., money to a for-profit copy shop for course packs by an educational institution)
( ) Money is changing hands for any other reason

Section D. Conditions on use: original work

1. Check the box next to the circumstances you belive money *may* change hands in the context of an NC-licensed work

( ) As a condition of using the NC-licensed work
( ) As a condition of using another work that includes an NC-licensed work, where the NC-licensed work is either the primary draw or a substantial amount (whether qualitatively or quantitatively) of the primary draw
( ) As a condition of using another work that includes a verbatim NC-licensed work, where the NC-licensed work is not the primary draw or is an insubstantial amount, both qualitatively and quantitatively
( ) As an optional contribution (e.g., a tip jar, donations, membership drive) for an allowed NC user (diverges from PDF!) that uses the verbatim NC-licensed work or another work that includes a verbatim NC-licensed work

Section E. Conditions on use: Derivative works

1. Check the box next to the circumstances you believe money *may*
   change hands for works without the Share-Alike license condition

( ) As a condition of using a derivative work based on an NC-licensed work, of which the original NC-licensed work is the primary draw or a substantial amount, whether qualitatively or quantitatively, of that derivative work
( ) As a condition of using a derivative work based on an NC-licensed work, of which the original NC-licensed work is not the primary draw or is an insubstantial amount, both qualitatively and quantitatively, of that derivative work
( ) As an optional contribution (e.g., a tip jar, donations, membership drive) for an allowed NC user (DIVERGES FROM PDF!) that uses the derivative work based on the NC-licensed work

(We seem not to have addressed public performance.  Unless that counts as a deriv work?)
